[GH-1003] Update Readme 'What are notifications?' section screenshot (#1005)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: readme.md

Notifications and webhooks can be used together or you can opt for one of them.

> ![This is a channel notification of a new bug that was created in Jira](./assets/ticket-created.png)

Reviewer: Should this path point to the ``attach-from-post.png`` image file rather than ``ticket-created.png``?

Reviewer: The image file committed to this PR is named ``attach-from-post.png``, but the code to display an image is a different file name. An incorrect file name would be one reason  we're seeing an image error placeholder in a rich preview.

Author: This PR was supposed to have two changes:

1. Change `attach-from-post.png` image to show the new location of the Jira actions buttons.
2. Update the image in the "What are notifications?" section to show a notification triggered from Jira.

Please see this conversation we had earlier: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/pull/1005#discussion_r1427735820

Author: @mickmister I'm not sure why the rich diff is displaying a broken image; the image is being rendered correctly if you click on "View file"

Reviewer 2: Thanks I think I understand now. IIUC we now have a fixed `attach-from-post.png`  file, but it's no longer being used as it was incorrectly being used?

I went ahead and put the image in the "attach message" section, and it looks good to me
 
![CleanShot 2024-01-24 at 14 36 16](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/assets/6913320/5471b22f-d2fd-4e05-8941-ed45b492c3e0)

> ![This is a channel notification of a new bug that was created in Jira](./assets/attach-from-post.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![This is a channel notification of a new bug that was created in Jira](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/assets/74422101/e15de4fe-1cb3-47d1-9b0d-538ab82ec91d)
```

> ![This is a channel notification of a new bug that was created in Jira](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/assets/19710961/fc19bb59-260f-4904-8887-b8de41421bf6)

Reviewer 2: This screenshot is actually not showing a channel notification. It's instead showing the "Attach to Jira Issue" feature. So the original screenshot was incorrect for that reason as well. I think we can use the screenshot in the repo's README for this image.

Author: @mickmister I've updated the PR with your suggested changes.

Reviewer: @chriswachira - I believe 2 screenshots are expected as part of this PR. One which you've updated and then another showing a channel notification.

Author: @cwarnermm I've updated the PNG file under assets showing the new location for the Jira actions and I've also updated the screenshot link in the readme section to display the `ticket-created.png` image under assets which shows a Jira channel notification on Mattermost

Reviewer: Thanks, @chriswachira! It was a misunderstanding on my part! I expected to see two image assets, but was able to verify the second asset by URL. Nicely done on this PR, and thank you so much!

> ![This is a channel notification of a new bug that was created in Jira](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/assets/74422101/e15de4fe-1cb3-47d1-9b0d-538ab82ec91d)

Reviewer 2: I'm curious what's going on with this long hash here. @chriswachira Do you know how this URL is generated?

I wonder if this would also work:

```suggestion
![This is a channel notification of a new bug that was created in Jira](./assets/attach-from-post.png)
```

Author: Hello and Happy New Year!

Uploading the image as an attachment on a PR description (even without posting the PR) generates such a URL when you select "Copy link address" from the browser's menu.

Yes, your suggestion also works.

Reviewer 2: @chriswachira Happy New Year! Hope you're doing well

On the subject of how to reference to the image, I think we would prefer the `./assets/attach-from-post.png` approach, as it's easier to trace where the image is coming from. I applied the suggestion above, but the image is not shown properly in the readme, so I've reverted that change. The current change seems to not render the image properly either, when I look at the "rich diff" in the Files Changed view. @chriswachira Do you know why this might be the case?

![CleanShot 2024-01-04 at 12 37 05](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/assets/6913320/dbd7495d-41b0-46c7-855e-bc1edded9aaf)

Author: I've applied the relative path suggestion and it seems to be okay

Author: Hi @mickmister! Kindly let me know if I should proceed to squash the commits for a final review.
